Add `osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Round of 32 Recap` news post (#12703)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-01-23-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-round-of-32-recap.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Round of 32 Recap"
date: 2025-01-23 12:00:00 +0000
---

The first round of many came by. Let's catch up with one of the wildest starts to a tournament we've ever seen before!

![](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K/img/mwc7k2025-banner.jpg)

While Qualifiers have been full of surprises, nobody could expect the many secrets that the Round of 32 was going to reveal. From multiple neck and neck matches, to this year's rising stars showing their worth. So who knows what the future holds for us. With a beginning this exciting, anything is possible!

> On a side note, the [MWC7K 2025 support banners](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/1415) were put up for sale last week. For those who would wish to support their favourite team(s), now is the time to make it known on your profiles! Thanks to the community's support, we can enjoy a tournament packed full of surprises and enjoyment for players and spectators alike.

Author: Went put up sounds really weird. When I searched for the expression, that's not really the kind of word that was preceded by. `went up for sale` would sound natural, without the put. Committing that.

```suggestion
On a side note, the [MWC 7K 2025 support banners](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/1415) went up for sale last week. For those who would wish to support their favourite team(s), now is the time to make it known on your profiles! Thanks to the community's support, we can enjoy a tournament packed full of surprises and enjoyment for players and spectators alike.
```

> On a side note, the [MWC7K 2025 Support Banner](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/1415) were put up for sale last week. For those who would wish to support their favourite team(s), now is the time to make it known in your profiles! Thanks to the community's support, we can enjoy a tournament as packful of surprises and enjoyment for players and spectators alike.

Author: Support banners were capitalized on the store page, though I imagine the convention is different. Will apply.

Some of our readers and viewers from previous World Cups may've recognized [Sparxe - Switcheroo](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307554#mania/4935257) (RC5) mapped by [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785) and [Tedjimo yomigY - Usuva Kagerow](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307475#mania/4935023) (HB1) mapped by [_Yiiiii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359). These were [osu! originals](/wiki/Community/Bespoke_music#official-tournament-releases) from the [osu!taiko World Cup 2024](/wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2024), now repurposed and reimagined for the osu!mania World Cup.

But as alluded to in last week's recap, the pools to come — including this one — feature a new skillset never tested in cups prior. That being [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1) mapped by [SurfChu85](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4469895) as a test of players' finger independence as well as their noodle reading ability. A very polarizing pick for sure, but a threat that players will have to face in all of the upcoming rounds!

> Another stand out of this round must've been [Xyris - Crash-Landing Rendezvous](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307516#mania/4935112) (HB3) mapped by [Irone OSU](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10678230). The mappooling team has slightly repurposed the slot by using it as a "mini-TB". This will be one of the hardest, if not the hardest, maps on the pool. Not only for its length, but also for its full-flavour assortment of patterns and skillsets it will be testing in one go. Players can only expect everything everywhere all at once.

Reviewer: why are we saying "must've been", when we are the ones establishing what was or wasnt a stand out?

```suggestion
Another stand out of this round was [Xyris - Crash-Landing Rendezvous](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307516#mania/4935112) (HB3) mapped by [Irone OSU](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10678230). The mappooling team has slightly repurposed the slot by using it as a "mini-TB". This will be one of the hardest, if not the hardest, maps on the pool, not just because of its length, but also for its full-flavour assortment of patterns and skill sets it will be testing in one go. Players can only expect everything everywhere all at once.
```

Author: Used as a sentence embellisher. "This must have been one of the most exciting picks of the round" is the kind of meaning that's being portrayed, rather than just dropping its name.

Added the rest of corrections.

```suggestion
Another stand out of this round must've been [Xyris - Crash-Landing Rendezvous](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307516#mania/4935112) (HB3) mapped by [Irone OSU](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10678230). The mappooling team has slightly repurposed the slot by using it as a "mini-TB". This will be one of the hardest, if not the hardest, maps on the pool, not just because of its length, but also for its full-flavour assortment of patterns and skill sets it will be testing in one go. Players can only expect everything everywhere all at once.
```

> While we unfortunately have no new osu! originals to cover for this week's pool, don't worry! There are lots of surprises to come, and osu!'s musical repertoire is bound to be one of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we unfortunately have no new [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) to cover for this week's pool, don't worry! There are lots of surprises to come, and osu!'s musical repertoire is bound to be one of them.
```

Author: It was already hyperlink a couple paragraphs prior. Avoided redundancy. Will add unless said redundancy is a non-issue.

| **Germany** ::{ flag=DE }:: | **5** | 2 | ::{ flag=EE }:: Estonia |
| **Spain** ::{ flag=ES }:: | **5** | 3 | ::{ flag=SE }:: Sweden |
| **United States** ::{ flag=US }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=NL }:: Netherlands |
| **China** ::{ flag=CN }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=MX }:: Mexico |
| **New Zealand** ::{ flag=NZ }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=TW }:: Taiwan |
| **France** ::{ flag=FR }:: | **5** | 4 | ::{ flag=MO }:: Macau |
| **South Korea** ::{ flag=KR }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=CZ }:: Czechia |
| **Hong Kong** ::{ flag=HK }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom |
| **Peru** ::{ flag=PE }:: | **5** | 1 | ::{ flag=SG }:: Singapore |
| **Russian Federation** ::{ flag=RU }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=DK }:: Denmark |
| **Malaysia** ::{ flag=MY }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=PL }:: Poland |
| **Chile** ::{ flag=CL }:: | **5** | 1 | ::{ flag=FI }:: Finland |
| **Venezuela** ::{ flag=VE }:: | **5** | 4 | ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada |

While we always try to enjoy new World Cups with the least amount of prejudices possible, it is hard to deny that most people believe the Round of 32 ends up being quite predictable at times.

> And while we haven't gotten any groundbreaking upsets, we've sure had our fair share of close calls and breathtaking matches to enjoy! As expected, these matches came from closely matches teams, fighting for their survival in the middle of the seeding chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And while we haven't got any groundbreaking upsets, we've sure had our fair share of close calls and breathtaking matches to enjoy! As expected, these matches came from closely matched teams, fighting for their survival in the middle of the seeding chart.
```

> Our writers have curated the following highlights, from the most exciting matches this round had to offer. From 53 point wins, to teams clawing their way up from what was initially expected to be a full sweep. We've got you covered!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our writers have curated the following highlights, from the most exciting matches this round had to offer. From 53 point wins, to teams clawing their way up from what was initially expected to be a full sweep, we got you covered!
```

### ::{ flag=ES }:: Spain vs. ::{ flag=SE }:: Sweden

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/116857735)**\

> **[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2356755591)**

Author: Was planning on waiting for the video. If the video showcased the match, it'd probably make more sense to embed that instead. Otherwise, VoD it is.

> **[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2356755591)**

Reviewer 2: oh you're right

> **[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2356755591)**

Author: Added videos.

> The match between ::{ flag=ES }:: Spain (#16) and ::{ flag=SE }:: (#17) must have been one of the most polarizing yet closely tied matches witnessed this weekend. Which shouldn't come as a surprise considering our contestants were basically seed siblings! A battle to test a country's versatility and consistency such as Sweden's, versus Spain's accuracy and precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The match between Spain (#16) and Sweden (#17) must have been one of the most polarizing, yet closely tied matches witnessed this weekend, which shouldn't come as a surprise considering our contestants were basically seed siblings! A battle to test a country's versatility and consistency such as Sweden's, versus Spain's accuracy and precision.
```

Author: I liked the flags...

> The teams wasted no time showing their strenghts and weaknesses right off the first two maps played. Perspicacious viewers must've noticed how ::{ flag=ES }:: [Luqas678](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/26688450) and ::{ flag=ES }:: [Manuel-san_UWU](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23244116)'s ratios overpowered their opponents in [MisomyL - Catalinésie](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307453#mania/4934987) (RC1) on their very first pick. Sweden took no time whatsoever to recover, picking [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1) and completely shadowing Spain's scores with an eye-watering 170,632 point lead thanks to ::{ flag=SE }:: [Craty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3918056) and ::{ flag=SE }:: [Henkayy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3003778)'s efforts!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The teams wasted no time showing their strengths and weaknesses right off the first two maps played. Perspicacious viewers must've noticed how ::{ flag=ES }:: [Luqas678](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/26688450) and ::{ flag=ES }:: [Manuel-san_UWU](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23244116)'s ratios overpowered their opponents in [MisomyL - Catalinésie](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307453#mania/4934987) (RC1) on their very first pick. Sweden took no time whatsoever to recover, picking [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1) and completely shadowing Spain's scores with an eye-watering 170,632 point lead thanks to ::{ flag=SE }:: [Craty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3918056) and ::{ flag=SE }:: [Henkayy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3003778)'s efforts!
```

> But that loss did not discourage Spain, as they quickly got back on their feet, winning map after map. By winning their break point, Spain managed to reach a lead of 4-1. With a clever use of what could very well be their last pick, Sweden chose [AAAA + yadrigg - Sakase Natsuzora, Koi no Hana.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307438#mania/4934949) (LN3) to try and gain some ground. It was not an easy task as Spain's accuracy far surpassed their opponents', but thanks to ::{ flag=ES }:: [Manuel-san_UWU](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23244116)'s series of misses, the balance quickly shifted towards Sweden who managed to stay afloat, managing to overturn Spain's counter pick.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But that loss did not discourage Spain, as they quickly got back on their feet, winning map after map. By winning their break point, Spain managed to reach a lead of 4–1. With a clever use of what could very well be their last pick, Sweden chose [AAAA + yadrigg - Sakase Natsuzora, Koi no Hana.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307438#mania/4934949) (LN3) to try and gain some ground. It was not an easy task as Spain's accuracy far surpassed their opponents', but thanks to ::{ flag=ES }:: [Manuel-san_UWU](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23244116)'s series of misses, the balance quickly shifted towards Sweden that managed to stay afloat, managing to overturn Spain's counter pick.
```

> But that loss did not discourage Spain, as they quickly got back on their feet, winning map after map. By winning their break point, Spain managed to reach a lead of 4-1. With a clever used of what could very well be their last pick, Sweden chose [AAAA + yadrigg - Sakase Natsuzora, Koi no Hana.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307438#mania/4934949) (LN3) to try and gain some ground. It was not an easy task as Spain's accuracy far surpassed their opponents', but thanks to ::{ flag=ES }:: [Manuel-san_UWU](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23244116)'s series of misses, the balance quickly shifted towards Sweden who managed to stay afloat, managing to overturn Spain's counter pick.

Reviewer: not sure if we want to point out that this guy specifically caused their time to lose a point, maybe just generalize it by saying "the team dropped the ball" or something?

```suggestion
But that loss did not discourage Spain, as they quickly got back on their feet, winning map after map. By winning their break point, Spain managed to reach a lead of 4-1. With a clever use of what could very well be their last pick, Sweden chose [AAAA + yadrigg - Sakase Natsuzora, Koi no Hana.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307438#mania/4934949) (LN3) to try and gain some ground. It was not an easy task as Spain's accuracy far surpassed their opponents', but thanks to ::{ flag=ES }:: [Manuel-san_UWU](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23244116)'s series of misses, the balance quickly shifted towards Sweden who managed to stay afloat, managing to overturn Spain's counter pick.
```

> With one point short of a tie, Sweden took a risky gamble and chose Spain's protect, [Tedjimo yomigY - Usuva Kagerow](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307475#mania/4935023) (HB1). A precarious gambit that would end up sealing this match's fate, but not without giving Spain a run for their money! Were it not be for ::{ flag=ES }:: [Luqas678](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/26688450)'s impressive full combo, we may've been recapping the tiebreaker between our two teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With one point short of a tie, Sweden took a risky gamble and chose Spain's protect, [Tedjimo yomigY - Usuva Kagerow](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307475#mania/4935023) (HB1). This precarious gambit would end up sealing this match's fate, but not without giving Spain a run for their money! Were it not be for ::{ flag=ES }:: [Luqas678](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/26688450)'s impressive full combo, we may've been recapping the tiebreaker between our two teams.
```

> With all of that said, we believe this match was a testament on how important it is to play with your strengths and against your opponents' weaknesses. Both teams held an edge over the other's blind spots. A match that was not only fought through technical skill alone, but won through strategy and thoughtful choices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With all of that said, we believe this match was a testament on how important it is to play with your strengths and against your opponents' weaknesses. Both teams held an edge over the other's blind spots. This match was not only fought through technical skill alone, but won through strategy and thoughtful choices.
```

### ::{ flag=FR }:: France vs. ::{ flag=MO }:: Macau

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/116869938)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2357648754)**

> One of our most intersting matches this weekend must've been between ::{ flag=FR }:: France (#15) and ::{ flag=MO }:: Macau (#18). While France has had a consistent presence in the tournament for many years now, this is the first time since 2019 that Macau has made it to the elimination phase. A considerable feat all things considered, if we take into account the fact that Macau only disposed of two players, as opposed to France's more robust rooster of four. An unusual match to experience for sure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of our most interesting matches this weekend must've been between ::{ flag=FR }:: France (#15) and ::{ flag=MO }:: Macau (#18). While France has had a consistent presence in the tournament for many years now, this is the first time since 2019 that Macau has made it to the elimination phase. A considerable feat all things considered, if we take into account the fact that Macau only disposed of two players, as opposed to France's more robust roster of four. An unusual match to experience for sure.
```

Our first surprise was Macau's lack of bans nor protects prepared in advance. After discussing it in game, they opted to protect HB3 and ban RC3. France took the chance and picked [Xyris - Crash-Landing Rendezvous](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307516#mania/4935112) (HB3). With quite an unbalanced team score, France won the point with 3,440 points of margin to spare, beginning the match with a break point right off the bat.

> After another discussion, Macau decided to pick [rerulili - Noushou Sakuretsu Girl (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307428#mania/4934921) (RC2). This time, France let ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598) tag in, using this chance to show off their great ratio. France began with a 16,000 point lead, showing a clear difference in the teams' ratios. Unfortunately, both ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598) and ::{ flag=FR }:: [Milla[Monkey]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6264519) missed at almost the same time. Despite's Macau's efforts, they managed to lose with **only a 42 point difference**. The smallest point difference in the entirety of the round!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After another discussion, Macau decided to pick [rerulili - Noushou Sakuretsu Girl (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307428#mania/4934921) (RC2). This time, France let ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598) tag in, using this chance to show off their great ratio. France began with a 16,000-point lead, showing a clear difference in the teams' ratios. Unfortunately, both ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598) and ::{ flag=FR }:: [Milla[Monkey]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6264519) missed at almost the same time. Despite's Macau's efforts, they managed to lose with **only a 42-point difference**. The smallest point difference in the entirety of the round!
```

> After another discussion, Macau decided to pick [rerulili - Noushou Sakuretsu Girl (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307428#mania/4934921) (RC2). This time, France let ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598), using this chance to show off their great ratio. France began with a 16,000 point lead, showing a clear difference in the teams' ratios. Unfortunately, both ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598) and ::{ flag=FR }:: [Milla[Monkey]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6264519) missed at almost the same time. Despite's Macau's efforts, they managed to lose with **only a 42 point difference**. The smallest point difference in the entiriety of the round!

Reviewer: `This time, France let ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598), using this chance to show off their great ratio.`

France let Mokett.. do what?
```suggestion
After another discussion, Macau decided to pick [rerulili - Noushou Sakuretsu Girl (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307428#mania/4934921) (RC2). This time, France let ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598), using this chance to show off their great ratio. France began with a 16,000 point lead, showing a clear difference in the teams' ratios. Unfortunately, both ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598) and ::{ flag=FR }:: [Milla[Monkey]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6264519) missed at almost the same time. Despite's Macau's efforts, they managed to lose with **only a 42 point difference**. The smallest point difference in the entirety of the round!
```

Author: Explained in Discord. Incorrect sentence copied when moving the draft in from my initial rewording efforts.

```suggestion
After another discussion, Macau decided to pick [rerulili - Noushou Sakuretsu Girl (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307428#mania/4934921) (RC2). This time, France let ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598) tag in, using this chance to show off their great ratio. France began with a 16,000 point lead, showing a clear difference in the teams' ratios. Unfortunately, both ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598) and ::{ flag=FR }:: [Milla[Monkey]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6264519) missed at almost the same time. Despite's Macau's efforts, they managed to lose with **only a 42 point difference**. The smallest point difference in the entirety of the round!
```

> Now with a 2–0 lead from France, they picked [Sparxe - Switcheroo](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307554#mania/4935257) (RC5) in the hopes of gaining more ground. Much to their dismay, they weren't so lucky this time. ::{ flag=MO }:: [Randumbs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27657112) and ::{ flag=MO }:: [idqoos123](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3946113) won the point with a small 2,697 point lead. Unbeknownst to France's strengths, Macau picked their opponent's protected map, that being [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1). Thanks to their strong LN coordination skills, France easily won the map by a landslide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now with a 2–0 lead from France, they picked [Sparxe - Switcheroo](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307554#mania/4935257) (RC5) in the hopes of gaining more ground. Much to their dismay, they weren't so lucky this time. ::{ flag=MO }:: [Randumbs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27657112) and ::{ flag=MO }:: [idqoos123](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3946113) won the point with a small 2,697-point lead. Unbeknownst to France's strengths, Macau picked their opponent's protected map, that being [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1). Thanks to their strong LN coordination skills, France easily won the map by a landslide.
```

> Now with a 2-0 lead from France, they picked [Sparxe - Switcheroo](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307554#mania/4935257) (RC5) in the hopes of gaining more ground. Much to their dismay, they weren't so lucky this time. ::{ flag=MO }:: [Randumbs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27657112) and ::{ flag=MO }:: [idqoos123](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3946113) won the point with a small 2,697 point lead. Unbeknownst to France's strengths, Macau picked their opponent's protected map, that being [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1). Thanks to their strong LN coordination skills, France easily won the map by a landslide. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now with a 2–0 lead from France, they picked [Sparxe - Switcheroo](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307554#mania/4935257) (RC5) in the hopes of gaining more ground. Much to their dismay, they weren't so lucky this time. ::{ flag=MO }:: [Randumbs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27657112) and ::{ flag=MO }:: [idqoos123](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3946113) won the point with a small 2,697 point lead. Unbeknownst to France's strengths, Macau picked their opponent's protected map, that being [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1). Thanks to their strong LN coordination skills, France easily won the map by a landslide.
```

> By taking advantage of Macau's bold gamble, France picked [rejection - White Canvas (feat. Aitsuki Nakuru) (osu! edit)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307474#mania/4935021) (LN2). But much to their surprise, Macau was able to pick up the pace and keep a double FC for quite a long time while France was struggling to keep up. With an impressive score of 977,806 from ::{ flag=MO }:: idqoos123, the tally was 3-2 now. Macau picked the very last long note pick remaining, [AAAA + yadrigg - Sakase Natsuzora, Koi no Hana.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307438#mania/4934949) (LN3). But thanks to ::{ flag=FR }:: Mokett's impressive 984,011 full combo, Macau wasn't able to even the score due to their less impressive ratio, giving France both break and match points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By taking advantage of Macau's bold gamble, France picked [rejection - White Canvas (feat. Aitsuki Nakuru) (osu! edit)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307474#mania/4935021) (LN2). Much to their surprise however, Macau was able to pick up the pace and keep a double FC for quite a long time, while France was struggling to keep up. With an impressive score of 977,806 from ::{ flag=MO }:: [idqoos123](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3946113), the tally was 3–2 now. Macau picked the very last long note pick remaining, [AAAA + yadrigg - Sakase Natsuzora, Koi no Hana.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307438#mania/4934949) (LN3), but thanks to ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598)'s impressive 984,011 full combo, Macau wasn't able to even the score due to their less impressive ratio, giving France both break and match points.
```

> France's last pick ended up being [II-L - VANGUARD-3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307703#mania/4935651) (RC4), letting ::{ flag=FR }:: [Whirst](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5350761) do the heavy lifting. Unfortunately, ::{ flag=FR }:: Mokett's combo wasn't able to match up to their peer's. Even with Macau's loss of accuracy on the very last segment, they were still able to hold up with a meager **153 point advantage** — yet another minute difference in scores! As their last pick, Macau chose [BPM15Q - Kyo You Mu](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307429#mania/4934922) (HB2). Thanks to ::{ flag=MO }:: [Randumbs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27657112)'s impressive 974,493 play and both of the players' efforts, it was time to break the tie that this last map produced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
France's last pick ended up being [II-L - VANGUARD-3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307703#mania/4935651) (RC4), letting ::{ flag=FR }:: [Whirst](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5350761) do the heavy lifting. Unfortunately, ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598)'s combo wasn't able to match up to their peer's. Even with Macau's loss of accuracy on the very last segment, they were still able to hold up with a meager **153 point advantage** — yet another minute difference in scores! As their last pick, Macau chose [BPM15Q - Kyo You Mu](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307429#mania/4934922) (HB2). Thanks to ::{ flag=MO }:: [Randumbs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27657112)'s impressive 974,493 play and both of the players' efforts, it was time to break the tie that this last map produced.
```

> France's last pick ended up being [II-L - VANGUARD-3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307703#mania/4935651) (RC4), letting ::{ flag=FR }:: [Whirst](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5350761) do the heavy lifting. Unfortunately, ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598)'s combo wasn't able to match up to their peer's. Even with Macau's loss of accuracy on the very last segment, they were still able to hold up with a meager **153 point advantage** — yet another minute difference in scores! As their last pick, Macau chose [BPM15Q - Kyo You Mu](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307429#mania/4934922) (HB2). Thanks to ::{ flag=MO }:: [Randumbs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27657112)'s impressive 974,493 play and both of the players' efforts, it was time to break the tie that this last map produced.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
France's last pick ended up being [II-L - VANGUARD-3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307703#mania/4935651) (RC4), letting ::{ flag=FR }:: [Whirst](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5350761) do the heavy lifting. Unfortunately, ::{ flag=FR }:: [Mokett](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14535598)'s combo wasn't able to match up to their peer's. Even with Macau's loss of accuracy on the very last segment, they were still able to hold up with a meager **153-point advantage** — yet another minute difference in scores! As their last pick, Macau chose [BPM15Q - Kyo You Mu](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307429#mania/4934922) (HB2). Thanks to ::{ flag=MO }:: [Randumbs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27657112)'s impressive 974,493 play and both of the players' efforts, it was time to break the tie that this last map produced.
```

> Saying that the tiebreaker was hard, would be an understamenet. Despite fighting tooth and nail, France managed to stay on top with their lead in ratio. While France may be going into the next round facing ::{ flag=CN }:: China, Macau's surely left a mark with their impressive performance this match, having to face ::{ flag=MX }:: Mexico in the round to come.

Reviewer: i dont think we need flags when we are not mentioning players
```suggestion
Saying that the tiebreaker was hard, would be an understatement. Despite fighting tooth and nail, France managed to stay on top with their lead in ratio. While France may be going into the next round facing China, Macau's surely left a mark with their impressive performance this match, having to face Mexico in the round to come.
```

> Saying that the tiebreaker was hard, would be an understatement. Despite fighting tooth and nail, France managed to stay on top with their lead in ratio. While France may be going into the next round facing China, Macau's surely left a mark with their impressive performance this match, having to face Mexico in the round to come.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Saying that the tiebreaker was hard would be an understatement. Despite fighting tooth and nail, France managed to stay on top with their lead in ratio. While France may be going into the next round facing China, Macau's surely left a mark with their impressive performance this match, having to face Mexico in the round to come.
```

### ::{ flag=VE }:: Venezuela vs. ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada

<style>
    .news-chat-quote__avatar {
        float: left;
        width: 40px;
        height: 40px;
        border-radius: 50%;
        margin-left: -50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__text-container {
        margin-left: 50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__username {
        font-weight: 600;
        margin-bottom: 2px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-nat {
        color: #fa3703;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-no-group {
        color: #FFFFFF;
    }
</style>

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/116874748)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2357969267)**

> As the week came to a close, there was but one more surprise awaiting us in the match against ::{ flag=VE }:: Venezuela (#12) and ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada (#21)! Everyone's expectations were sky-high, as this was the first time Venezuela had the chance to go against Canada in a World Cup match, who reached Semifinals just last year. Nobody expected the roller coaster of emotions to ensue, ending in a nerve-wracking tiebreaker to decide the victor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the week came to a close, there was but one more surprise awaiting us in the match against Venezuela (#12) and Canada (#21)! Everyone's expectations were sky-high, as this was the first time Venezuela had the chance to go against Canada in a World Cup match, who reached Semifinals just last year. Nobody expected the roller coaster of emotions to ensue, ending in a nerve-wracking tiebreaker to decide the victor.
```

> The first map chosen was [Tedjimo yomigY - Usuva Kagerow](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307475#mania/4935023) (HB1). A grueling battle of precision, only won by a fairly narrow margin of 5,360 points in favour of Venezuela managing to maintain their cool till the very end. A testament to Venezuela's resilience and perseverance right off the bat! The next three maps also ended in victory for Venezuela, who extended their lead by such large, seemingly uncontested margins. At this point, many viewers thought the match would end in a complete sweep in favour of Venezuela.

Reviewer: the removed sentence just seemed out of place
```suggestion
The first map chosen was [Tedjimo yomigY - Usuva Kagerow](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307475#mania/4935023) (HB1). A gruelling battle of precision, only won by a fairly narrow margin of 5,360 points in favour of Venezuela, managing to maintain their cool till the very end. The next three maps also ended in victory for Venezuela, who extended their lead by such large, seemingly uncontested margins. At this point, many viewers thought the match would end in a complete sweep in favour of Venezuela.
```

Author: Don't disagree

> But lo and behold, everything changed when Canada took a gamble and chose [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1), a map that featured LN category not seen in previous tournaments. This proved to be very effective however, as the map's style played very well with Canada's strengths, managing to secure their first win of the match! This substantially boosted the team's morale as they managed to win point after point thereafter. Despite the multiple close calls experienced by Canada, they managed to tie things up with Venezuela, forcing a tiebreaker to be played.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But lo and behold, everything changed when Canada took a gamble and chose [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1), a map that featured the new LN inverses not seen in previous tournaments. This proved to be very effective however, as the map's style played very well with Canada's strengths, managing to secure their first win of the match! This substantially boosted the team's morale as they managed to win point after point thereafter. Despite the multiple close calls experienced by Canada, they managed to tie things up with Venezuela, forcing a tiebreaker to be played.
```

Author: Again as a prior correction, using the term like this does sound weird. Corrected a bit.

```suggestion
But lo and behold, everything changed when Canada took a gamble and chose [Neko Hacker - Shadows feat. Such](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2307450#mania/4934981) (LN1), a map that featured the new LN inverse category not seen in previous tournaments. This proved to be very effective however, as the map's style played very well with Canada's strengths, managing to secure their first win of the match! This substantially boosted the team's morale as they managed to win point after point thereafter. Despite the multiple close calls experienced by Canada, they managed to tie things up with Venezuela, forcing a tiebreaker to be played.
```

> Tiebreakers had been a sore spot for Canada, as they had previously lost a crucial match against ::{ flag=CN }:: China in a past World Cup. However. despite their determination and past grievances Venezuela managed to come back from their slump and maintain their concentration and advantage all throughout the map, ending 30,000~ points ahead of their opponent! Nobody was expecting such a match full of highlights, subverting everyone's initial expectations, and turning into a dramatic reversal that ultimately got resolved in a decisive tiebreak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tiebreakers had been a sore spot for Canada, as they had previously lost a crucial match against China in a past World Cup. However, despite their determination and past grievances, Venezuela managed to come back from their slump and maintain their concentration and advantage all throughout the map, ending ~30,000 points ahead of their opponent! Nobody was expecting such a match full of highlights, subverting everyone's initial expectations, and turning into a dramatic reversal that ultimately got resolved in a decisive tiebreaker.
```

But be not mistaken, as while Venezuela will get to continue their journey in the winner's bracket, Canada has proven that they're a force to be reckoned with. They're not out of the game yet, so keep your eyes peeled for their next move!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-01-23-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-round-of-32-recap/Adogg145.png)

> For this week's round of interviews and as a fitting conclusion to this fantastic match we've beared witness to, we've got the chance to host an interview with [Adogg145](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11956607). Venezuela's captain and arepa extraordinaire, we'd like to get some insight from one of the most interesting teams currently competing this year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this week's round of interviews, and as a fitting conclusion to this fantastic match we bore witness to, we've got the chance to host an interview with [Adogg145](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11956607). Venezuela's captain and arepa extraordinaire, we'd like to get some insight from one of the most interesting teams currently competing this year.
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11956607">Adogg145</a></p>

To be honest, this wouldn't have been possible without making use of each of our members' strengths. Given we were the last to play this week, the expectations from other teams and our confidence in winning were both very high. Our only inconvenience was that one of our core team members wasn't able to play given they suffered a brown-out just 5 minutes before the match...

As expected, that caused our morale to tank quite a bit. There was no other option than to keep playing under the hopes they would show up at some point during the match, which never ended up happening.

Despite our hurdles, we managed to give it our all and won the match in the process! Suffice to say, we hope that we get to show our true potential in future rounds by playing with our full squad.

We hope that our story of success qualifying into the osu!mania World Cup encourages other players — mainly from our country — to engage themselves with 7K's competitive side! Or at least we strive for that to be our goal.

</div>

### Score highlights

> The increase of teams from 24 last year to 32 gave us a bigger player pool to look at when looking for amazing scores to highlight this weekend. Here's some scores that we think are worth shouting out:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The increase of teams from 24 last year to 32 gave us a bigger player pool to look at when looking for amazing scores to highlight this weekend. Here are some scores that we think are worth shouting out:
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11956607">Adogg145</a></p>

To be honest, this wouldn't have been possible without making use of each of our members' strengths. Given we were the last to play this week, the expectations from other teams and our confidence in winning were both very high. Our only inconvenience was that one of our core team members wasn't able to play given they suffered a brown-out just 5 minutes before the match...

As expected, that caused our morale to tank quite a bit. There was no other option than to keep playing under the hopes they would show up at some point during the match, which never ended up happening.

Despite our hurdles, we managed to give it our all and won the match in the process! Suffice to say, we hope that we get to show our true potential in future rounds by playing with our full squad.

We hope that our story of success qualifying into the osu!mania World Cup encourages other players — mainly from our country — to engage themselves with 7K's competitive side! Or at least we strive for that to be our goal.

</div>

> ### Score highlights

Reviewer 2: not a subsection of the venezuela vs canada match

```suggestion
## Score highlights
```
